hey what is up guys vanoss here and
today i have some warframe gameplay with
Terrorizer mini lad and oh and big
thanks to warframe for sponsoring this
video we had a lot of fun on it and
you'll see that in the upcoming gameplay
but first of all I just want to say that
this game is completely free so if you
guys haven't already make sure to go
check it out and click that link in the
description right now to download the
game because come on guys it's free you
literally do not have to pay anything
which is amazing but anyways they do
want me to tell you a little bit about
the game before we get started so first
of all this game is huge I mean when I
say huge it really is massive it's an
MMO RPG that has four years of content
on it and there's 18 unique planets that
you could explore take missions on fight
unique bosses and follow different
cinematic quests so this is a game that
you will spend a lot of time on it get
hooked on it and on top of all of this
there are so many things in this game
that you could customize I mean there's
over 30 unique warframes that you could
build to your complete liking and you
could acquire all of these for free by
just finding the parts and crafting them
in your orbiter which is also
customizable additionally there's
hundreds of different melee and
long-range weapons that you could equip
and customize as well and all of these
things could be leveled up and modded an
endless amount of ways and different
combinations so yeah pretty much there's
a ridiculous amount of customization in
this game and once you do all of that
you could team up your friends and
create your own clan build your own dojo
and take over the universe but anyways
guys it's a crazy game it's completely
free so make sure to go check it out
click that link in the description right
now and download the game but other than
that hope you guys enjoy today's video
thank you so much for watching and all
the support and I will talk to you all
later
[Music]
[Applause]
how do I get this okay listen you have
to earn this massive you don't become
the king of the pumpkins overnight my
boy takes a lot of work and dedication
and flexibility look at this you know
let you overnight teach me the ways of
the pumpkin many we need to get you a
fishing spear all right now we need to
do there's things we need to do for you
to get it all right listen we got a
capture the commander okay we have to
capture a dam commander some mini could
buy a fishing rod let's do this all
right boys let's fly or the flying pump
yeah time time to get that Dick's
Sporting Goods coupon so you get that
fishing rod all right yeah okay all
right all right we're here we are
recover the cash is yes look at them oh
oh here they come here they come here
they come I said these guys don't worry
they're level fives
oh she shot me down sit take down the
ship hey yeah the ice no Scouts Oh what
you had those two player guys those
little drones get the drone before
shoots a flare okay yeah you're right
you don't want them they call in some
more I'm okay I'm okay okay here we go
hey anybody want to help me hit this
blunt right here oh yeah that's it
that's it this blunt yeah yeah this is
not your blood this is mine it is my
blood you guys talking to the enemy I
just killed okay so you have three
minutes to find caches there's three
caches in this circle hold on I gotta
hit this other blunt right here I found
one nice nice yeah if they look like a
little pumpkin oh look at this thing
that is not a bagging what the hell are
you talking about kind of looks like
okay who's that guy do the last one
phonies all right come on follow me
to the next objective alright alright
you guys here yeah this here no yeah
it's here hold on hold your fire hold
your fire
I'm not here I'll be there in a second
only when you're here Minnie hold your
fire hold your fire
and guys here we go
[Laughter]
yeah well I could play that game hello
come on your level now hello ladies well
it's pretty nice up here isn't it
ah hey ohm which one of these is Big
Daddy
we ruined his Big Daddy did I not just
hear you say oh it's big daddy oh he's
dead I took out Big Daddy okay alright I
just I just like hearing you say Big
Daddy
alright good work everyone
good way to the next one I'm to get a
fishing rod let's go fishing
it's the next step towards becoming a
pumpkin boy alright yes how many fish
was Evan that we had to catch like 50
fish yeah to get the pumpkin thing we
had to catch like we spent ages oh
dammit dammit don't you dare steal mine
good boy yeah come on I got one 28.9 I
mean I am eating this fish right now
it's not a competition everyone it is it
is you know what you know what fishing
competition right now whoever gets the
biggest fish wins let's fuck I got a I
got a 5.6 there is a secret we learned
in Ireland you got to be patient talk to
the fish see that's a little fish I can
see it right there that's not a big fish
you don't need to rush the fish
Shh there's no fish on my screen all
quiet
you have to talk like the fish just like
a war going on over there yes yeah it
was fifty kilos my man god damn I keep
getting twos oh my god oh my god oh my
god this guy's big no never mind love
pudding got that pumpkin head yet no no
I'll be here for a while look we all got
pumpkin heads I know different
Halloween is soon man yeah you better
you better get it soon I'm trying I'm
trying Minnie you tell you something
important go on um you don't have to
catch 50 fish to get the pumpkin I need
I forgot I got mixed up you don't have
to catch any fish I'm going to fucking
see this
[Music]
Oh
my hard-earned helmet great job
typing mask I got 50 fish many I almost
have enough to get the get the snowman
hat oh yeah if you get a hundred you get
the turkey hat to the fucking cranberry
sauce oh that was free that one's free
if we get you enough stuff we might be
able to eat that don't hop because you
deserve it
Brian yo Brian look at Brian what are
you doing out of my face
I hate you how's that taste by the way
you're eating so good like this no I do
not
like
I'm gonna backtrack backtrack drive off
[Music]
when you put it like that
[Applause]
[Music]
right put it like that oh I already know
what you are is why you keep hitting